(WIENE running)
[WIENE, internal] What now...?!
What do I do...?!
[TIONA] I already told you...
(WIENE notice)
(scared)
[TIONA] There's no point
in tryin' to run.
(WIENE scared)
[TIONA] Why am I talking to it?
It's prob'ly doesn't speak
human.
(WIENE running)
(TIONA ah!)
[TIONA] Slow down, wouldja?!
(WIENE scurry)
(TIONA bend down)
[TIONA] Dang it...
[LOKI FAMILIA MEMBER A]
Miss Tiona!
(TIONA question)
[LOKI FAMILIA MEMBER A]
Any sign?
[TIONA] Bad news! It got away!
[LOKI FAMILIA MEMBER A] Then we
shall join you in the pursuit.
[TIONA] Gotcha!
[TIONA, internal] It's
just a monster... right?
(WIENE running)
[WIENE, internal] Bell... Bell!
(Opening Song, "over and over")
(HARUHIME panting)
[BELL] Miss Haruhime!
(HARUHIME notice)
[HARUHIME] Master Bell!
It's Lady Wiene...
[BELL] I know.
Goddess Hestia told me.
(HARUHIME picked up)
[BELL] Let's get going...
You just hold on tight.
[HARUHIME] O-...okay.
(BETE question)
[LIDO] Fels, Wiene's gone
missing!
[FELS] I'm aware. But for the
time being, we must continue
without her.
[FELS] Head for
the western door!
(GARETH yelling)
[WELF] Do it now!
(MIKOTO effort)
(GARETH surprised)
(MIKOTO land)
(GARETH throw)
(MIKOTO gasp) (pain)
(WELF shock)
[WELF] Mikoto! (gasp)
(GARETH yelling)
(WELF gasp) (hit) (land)
[GARETH] Finally decided
to show yourself, did ya?
(WELF tense)
(WIENE gasp)
[ADVENTURER H] Over there!
[LOKI FAMILIA MEMBER B]
Circle 'round!
[ADVENTURER K] I see it!
(CAT untrusting warning meow)
(angry meow)
(CHILD A fear)
[TIONA] (land) It's here.
(WIENE hesitation)
(TIONA huh?)
[CHILD A] S-stay away...!
[TIONA] Oh crap!
(TIONA notice)
[WIENE] They're going to
be afraid of me again...
[WIENE] But... that didn't
matter to Bell...
[WIENE] He rescued me anyway...
(TIONA concern)
(CHILD A sobbing)
(WIENE lean up)
[ADVENTURER H] Down there!
[LOKI FAMILIA MEMBER B] It's
attacking a child!
(WIENE panting)
[ADVENTURER K] It ran!
[ADVENTURER L] After it!
[TIONA] Don't! I'll go!
[TIONA] Take care of the kid!
[ALL] Right!
(GARETH yelling)
[WELF, internal] If this
keeps up, I'm screwed...
[WELF, internal] Got
one last magic sword.
[WELF, internal] Then again, I
don't wanna kill the guy!
[TSUBAKI] Going soft,
are ya, Welfie?
(WELF surprised)
[TSUBAKI] Lucky for us, he ain't
the type of adventurer
to kick the bucket 'cause
of a silly sword!
[GARETH] That voice was
Tsubaki wasn't it?!
[WELF] Tsubaki!
Why're you here?!
[TSUBAKI] Isn't it obvious?!
The master practically
begged me to swing by
and lend your sorry ass a hand.
[WELF] Lady Hephaistos did...?
[TSUBAKI] Don't just stand
there, numbnuts!
[TSUBAKI] You plan on lettin'
your pals bite the dust?!
(WELF determined)
[WELF] Let thine fury
run amuck... Hiyo!
(GARETH shock)
(WELF heavy breathing)
[TSUBAKI] Take a look.
(WELF notice) (shock)
(GARETH growling)
[TSUBAKI] Toldja. Still alive.
(WIENE running)
(fall) (afraid)
[TIONA] There's
nowhere left to run.
(WIENE afraid) (brace)
(WIENE terrified)
(TIONA pondering)
(WIENE question)
(TIONA frustrated)
(sigh)
[TIONA] Nope! I can't do this!
That kid from earlier, you
saved her... didn't you?
(WIENE shocked)
[TIONA] I dunno if you can
understand what I'm saying...
...but you'd better
hightail it outta here.
[TIONA] Not everyone's
a bleedin' heart like me.
(WIENE stand)
(run)
(TIONA question)
(WIENE hesitation)
Somethin' tells me this
is how Mr. Argonaut feels...
[TIONE] Tiona!
Where's the monster?
[TIONA] Uh...
My bad! Outsmarted me..(chuckle)
[TIONE] Huh?!
It got away?!
(WIENE panting)
[WIENE] Bell... (panting)
[BELL] Wiene!
(WIENE notice)
(HARUHIME screaming)
I can't believe
you're here! (excited)
[HARUHIME] (land) Lady Wiene!
(WIENE panting) (hug)
[BELL] (hugged) Wiene...
you're you!
[HARUHIME] We got her back...
in one piece...
[WIENE] I'm sorry... Forgive me!
[WIENE] Thank you! I love you!
(HESTIA sigh)
[BELL] Now Wiene...
Let's catch up with Mr. Fels.
(WIENE agree)
[HARUHIME] Okay then...
Allow me to Level Boost
you one more time.
(BETE spit)
[HARUHIME] Master Bell...?
[BELL] Quiet.
[BETE] Show yourself! Can't
hide yer scent, y'know.
[BETE] Shake a leg, boy!
[BELL, internal] Mr. Bete...
I have no choice.
(BELL surprise)
[BETE] Huh...?
[BETE] Tell yer buddies
to come on out.
[HARUHIME] Sorry but
I'm here alone.
[BETE] Bullshit. Quit
screwin' around!
[HARUHIME] I am alone!
So please leave me be!
[BELL, internal]
Miss Haruhime...
(BELL stand)
[BETE] Over there, eh?
[BETE] Take a hike,
ya pesky Renard.
[BETE] Huh?
[BETE] That's a
gutsy move comin'
from a worthless
nobody like you.
[BETE] Now prepare to
face the consequences!
(HARUHIME scream)
[HARUHIME] "Let them grow..."
(BETE question)
[HARUHIME] "Bless the vessel
with thine power."
[HARUHIME] "A tower of riches
for a tower of wishes."
[HARUHIME] "Until the tolling
of the bell... I call thy glory
and illusion."
[HARUHIME] "Uchide no Kozuchi"!
[AISHA] What the hell
do you think you're doing,
you ditzy fox?
[AISHA] Eh, I'll let it slide on
account of that dumb, defiant
look on your face.
[BETE] Don't make me laugh!
[BETE] Why not try fightin'
yer own battles?
If ya' mess with
my little sister,
you mess with me.
[AISHA] I'm gonna kick your ass.
[BETE] Bring it,
ya' stupid bimbo.
[BETE] I'll bash a hole right
through that empty skull.
(BOTH charge)
[HESTIA] Bell, we're
almost out of time.
[HESTIA] Hurry, or you'll miss
your chance to meet with Fels.
[BELL] Right! I'm on my way
there right now- (notice)
[HESTIA] What's wrong, Bell?
[HESTIA] Bell?!
[WIENE] Hey Bell...?
[RYU] (stand) A
mere five years...
and she's gained
a substantial edge.
[RYU] My apologies...
Mr. Cranel...
[AIS] It's with you,
isn't it? The vouivre.
[AIS] Show your face.
[AIS] "Why would he ask such
an absurd question?"
I couldn't figure it out.
Let's just say... there's a
monster that had its very own
reason to live...
[BELL] And it had feelings
exactly like ours...
What would you do?
(WIENE scared)
It all makes sense to me, now.
[BELL] Miss Ais, please listen.
[AIS] My answer hasn't
changed...
If that same monster were to
make someone cry... I would kill
it without hesitation.
(BELL frustration)
[BELL] Why though?
[BELL] Why?
[BELL] Tell me!
[BELL] Listen to me!
The Xenos aren't-
[AIS] Don't bother.
[BELL] Miss Ais!
[AIS] When that vouivre
rampages again,
will you be able to
defend its actions?
(WIENE worried)
[AIS] Because I
certainly couldn't.
(BELL conflicted) (yelling)
(AIS gasp)
[BELL] Dammit!
(WIENE worried)
(BELL grunt)
(AIS notice)
[AIS] You've gotten
a lot stronger.
(BELL heavy breathing)
I can't go easy on you anymore.
(fighting)
(BELL pain) (pain) (fall back)
[WIENE] Bell, no!
(BELL struggling)
[BELL] Fire Bolt! Aahh!
(BELL yelling)
(AIS frustrated)
[HARUHIME] Miss Aisha...!
[HARUHIME] Miss Aisha
are you okay!
(AISHA come to/pain)
[AISHA] It's gonna take more
than that to kill me.
(HARUHIME gasp)
[HARUHIME] I know...
[HARUHIME] But still...
(HARUHIME crying)
[AISHA] Blubbering
won't change anything.
You have more
important things to do?
(HARUHIME gasp)
[HARUHIME] Yes...
[AISHA] Then get a move on.
As soon as I catch my breath,
I should be right
back in action.
You hang in there...
Miss Aisha.
[AISHA] Can't catch a break
these days, can I? Get it
together.
(WIENE heavy breathing)
[BELL] Are you doing alright,
Wiene?
[WIENE] Uh-huh...
I'm doing okay.
[BELL, internal] It's no use.
[BELL, internal] Any
attempt to outrun Miss Ais
would be a total
waste of time...
[BELL] Wait, isn't this...?
(WIENE question)
[BELL] That's right...
I know this place.
[BELL] Goddess. If
I'm not mistaken,
there's a hidden passage
somewhere around here.
[HESTIA] Huh?
[HESTIA] There is, but
compared to Fels' location...
it's a pretty big detour...
[BELL] Can you guide me there?
[WIENE] Um, Bell...?
[BELL] Take this stone...
and just walk straight down
the path, okay.
(WIENE notice)
[WIENE] What about you?
I'm going to be staying here.
How come?!
Miss Ais and I are going
to have a little talk.
[BELL] She ought to
be here any minute.
(WIENE question)
[BELL] Don't worry...
I'll be right behind you.
[BELL] Follow Goddess Hestia's
directions, and you'll be fine.
[WIENE] But Bell...
[BELL] It's okay... go.
(WIENE takes off)
[BELL, internal] Nothing's
changed since the last time.
[BELL, internal] I'm just
as weak as I was back then...
[AIS] Step aside.
[BELL] Not a chance!
(AIS sigh)
(BELL brace)
(BELL charge) (block)
[HESTIA] What's the matter,
Wiene? Take the next right.
[WIENE] Goddess, I hate this...
I don't want this to be goodbye.
[WIENE] Bell says that he's
going to catch up later,
but it's a lie.
[WIENE] He's fighting
her to save me.
[WIENE] That makes me happy,
but it feels wrong.
[WIENE] I don't want
Bell to be in pain.
[WIENE] I don't want him to cry!
And besides..
I still need to
repay him somehow!
[HESTIA] I was in
your shoes once.
(WIENE surprised)
(BELL grunt)
[HESTIA] The thing is, Bell can
be totally unfair.
He overworks himself... And
he's always a big show-off....
[HESTIA] ...especially when it
comes to a damsel in distress.
[HESTIA] And well, he can't
turn his back on family.
[WIENE] Family...?
[HESTIA] That's right.
And you, Wiene,
are a part of his precious
family. He wouldn't have
it any other way.
[WIENE] Goddess, I want
to be by Bell's side.
[WIENE] I can't let
it end this way.
[HESTIA] Are you
sure about this?
[HESTIA] If things go south,
it might mean saying goodbye
to Bell forever.
[HESTIA] Are you
prepared to die?
Yes... I wanna be the one
to save Bell this time!
(HESTIA happy)
[HESTIA] Alright then.
(WIENE running)
[HESTIA] Oh Wiene...
Look at how you've grown...
(BELL brace) (dodge) (slash)
(BELL conflicted)
(AIS shock)
(BELL pain) (impact) (pain)
(BELL cough) (heavy breathing)
[AIS] Why insist
on protecting her?
[AIS] That girl isn't a human...
She's just a monster.
[BELL] She can speak. And laugh.
[BELL] And she has thoughts
and feelings just like we do!
[AIS] It's not even similar.
The monsters slaughter our
people... They're capable
of massacering-
[BELL] How are we any
different?!
[BELL] Humans are capable
of the same damn thing.
No matter if it's by the
edge of your sword or by
the tip of my knife!
[AIS] That's enough.
[AIS] My blade... It's
sharp and it hurts a lot.
[AIS] So...
(BELL somber)
[WIENE] NO!
(AIS gasp)
Quit picking on Bell!
Wiene?!
[WIENE] I'm begging you...
Please don't hurt him! Please...
[AIS] Just stop it...
Please stop talking.
(WIENE shock)
[AIS] How can a
creature like you exist?
What is it that you want?
[WIENE] What I want is...
to stay with Bell!
[AIS] I can never condone that.
[AIS] Your claws
mangle our flesh.
[AIS] Your wings strike
fear into our hearts.
[AIS] The gem in your forehead
causes countless deaths.
[AIS] I will not simply stand by
and allow you to wreak havoc on
the surface...
like those other monsters did.
[AIS] I cannot turn a blind eye!
(WIENE pain)
(AIS shock)
[BELL] (gasp) Wiene!
(WIENE wince) (screaming)
(BELL catch)
(WIENE labored breathing)
[BELL] No, Wiene!
[WIENE] If I lose control of
myself again... I promise...
I promise... to
disappear for good...!
[WIENE] I was all alone...
in a cold, dark place...
[WIENE] And I...
before I was myself...
I was scared the
whole time... (crying)
[WIENE] I was so lonely...
[WIENE] No one dared
to hold me in their arms...
[WIENE] But then... Bell came
along... and rescued me!
He was the only one that cared.
[WIENE] Bell saved me when
I was lost! (whimper)
[AIS] ...I can't bring
myself to slay this vouivre.
[AIS] Honestly...
I find myself questioning
everything...
I'm no longer certain
you're wrong.
(BELL tense)
(confused)
[AIS] Go.
[BELL] Miss Ais... Thank you.
(HESTIA relief)
[HESTIA] Bell, I managed to
get in contact with Haruhime.
[BELL] Really, so what
did you find out?
[HESTIA] She found Miss
Supporter and made sure
that she's safe.
[HESTIA] And there's
even more good news.
[HESTIA] Haruhime located the
Xenos who got separated from the
group.
[HESTIA] Sounds like they
have a key to Knossos.
[BELL] Wait are you serious?!
But how though?
[HESTIA] They said that one
of their comrades, a black
minotaur, gave it to them.
If I had to guess, it's the
same one Wallenwhatser-whatever
fought earlier.
[BELL] D'you say
a black minotaur...
[HESTIA] Anyhow, they're on
their way to pick you guys up.
(BELL surprised)
[HESTIA] Would'ja do me a favor
and escort 'em to the door?
[BELL] Roger that, Goddess.
[MIKOTO] Yes, Lady Hestia.
[MIKOTO] Master Fels and
the Xenos know...
They're relieved to hear
that Lady Wiene's safe.
[WELF] And I got 'em into
the secret passageway
without any problems.
[WELF] They oughtta be at the
western door any minute now.
(FINN humph)
[BELL] I don't know, Are you
absolutely positive that there's
a door through here?
[FIA] For sure... Our comrade,
the one who gave us this key,
said so.
[FIA] It's the door he used to
reach the surface in the past.
[BELL] That'll be perfect.
[HARUHIME] Well I suppose
that this is goodbye then.
[FIA] Thank you so much
for all of your help.
[FIA] I'll always remember
your kindness.
[RHETT] If you find yourselves
in trouble... we won't hesitate
to lend a hand.
[BELL] Thanks, Rhett.
[WIENE] Hey, Bell uh?
[BELL] Hmm?
[WIENE] The last time
we had to say goodbye,
I cried a whole bunch.
But that just makes you
guys upset too, right?
So I won't cry anymore.
(BELL happy)
[WIENE] We'll see each
other again, won't we?
[BELL] Mmhm... You betcha.
[WIENE] Spend time
together, too?
[BELL] Oh yeah, for sure...
And that's a promise.
[BELL] One day, I'll build us a
place where we can all coexist.
[HARUHIME] Might I
suggest a pinky swear?
[WIENE] A "pinky swear"...?
[HARUHIME] That's right.
Back home it's a customary
ritual that symbolizes a vow.
Now take each of your pinkies...
and hook them together.
(BELL happy)
(WIENE laugh)
(HESTIA scream) (spazzing)
[HESTIA] No-not the
thousand-year-old diary...!
[HESTIA] Huh?
[HESTIA] Wait a minute...
[HESTIA] Is this thing a...?!
(Ending Song, "Evergreen")
(LIDO gasping)
[LIDO] I don't understand...
[FELS] Is this a dead end...?
[FELS] Inconceivable...
[FELS] There should
be a door here.
[FELS] It was documented in
Daedalus' notebook!
[HERMES] Oopsie, my bad!
That was actually a fake.
(ALL gasp)
[HERMES] Hello there, my dearest
Xenos... You can call me Hermes.
[HERMES] I'm but a humble god.
[FELS] Lord Hermes, what
is the meaning of this?
[HERMES] Why, I have a
teensy-tiny favor to ask of you.
[HERMES] Drop dead...
you abominations.
[HESTIA] Next time: "Argonaut."